Imrovements to api-review-process.md (#38378)
dotnet/runtime: docs/project/api-review-process.md

## Steps

> 1. **Requester files an issue**. The issue description should contain a speclet that represents a sketch of the new APIs, including samples on how the APIs are being used. The goal isn't to get a complete API list, but a good handle on how the new APIs would roughly look like and in what scenarios they are being used. Here is [a good example](https://github.com/dotnet/corefx/issues/271), you can also use [the template](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues/new?assignees=&labels=api-suggestion&template=02_api_proposal.md&title=).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Requester files an issue**. The issue description should contain a speclet that represents a sketch of the new APIs, including samples on how the APIs are being used. The goal isn't to get a complete API list, but a good handle on how the new APIs would roughly look like and in what scenarios they are being used. Please use [this template](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues/new?assignees=&labels=api-suggestion&template=02_api_proposal.md&title=). The issue should have the label `api-suggestion`. Here is [a good example](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues/38344) of an issue following that template.
```
